The human brain has about 86 billion neurons.
Honey never spoils - archaeologists have found edible honey in ancient Egyptian tombs.
A group of flamingos is called a "flamboyance".
The shortest war in history lasted only 38-45 minutes between Britain and Zanzibar in 1896.
Octopuses have three hearts and blue blood.
Bananas are berries, but strawberries aren't.
The Great Wall of China isn't visible from space with the naked eye.
A single cloud can weigh more than a million pounds.
Sharks have been around longer than trees.
The human nose can detect over 1 trillion different scents.
Lightning strikes the Earth about 100 times per second.
A day on Venus is longer than its year.
The tongue is the strongest muscle in the human body relative to its size.
Polar bears have black skin under their white fur.
The longest recorded flight of a chicken is 13 seconds.
There are more possible games of chess than atoms in the observable universe.
A group of owls is called a "parliament".
The human heart beats about 100,000 times per day.
Dolphins have names for each other.
The fingerprints of koalas are so similar to humans that they could taint crime scenes.
A bolt of lightning is five times hotter than the surface of the sun.
The longest word in English has 189,819 letters and takes over 3 hours to pronounce.
Wombat poop is cube-shaped.
The human brain uses about 20% of the body's total energy.
A group of pandas is called an "embarrassment".
The speed of light is approximately 299,792,458 meters per second.
There are more trees on Earth than stars in the Milky Way galaxy.
A shrimp's heart is in its head.
The longest hiccuping fit lasted 68 years.
Butterflies taste with their feet.
The human eye can distinguish about 10 million colors.
A group of crows is called a "murder".
The Earth's core is as hot as the surface of the sun.
Seahorses are the only species where males give birth.
The longest recorded sneeze lasted 978 days.
A group of jellyfish is called a "smack".
The human body contains about 37.2 trillion cells.
Penguins can jump up to 6 feet out of water.
The longest recorded yawn lasted 23 minutes.
A group of hedgehogs is called a "prickle".
The human skeleton is made up of 206 bones in adults.
Elephants are afraid of bees.
The longest recorded burp lasted 2 minutes and 42 seconds.
A group of ferrets is called a "business".
The human liver can regenerate itself completely.
Cats have 32 muscles in each ear.
The longest recorded case of constipation lasted 102 days.
A group of pugs is called a "grumble".
The human brain is about 75% water.
Giraffes only need 5-30 minutes of sleep per day.
The longest recorded time without sleep is 11 days.
A group of zebras is called a "dazzle".
The human heart is about the size of a fist.
Sloths only defecate once a week.
The longest recorded fingernails reached 28 feet in total length.
A group of hippos is called a "bloat".
The human body produces about 1.5 liters of saliva per day.
Hummingbirds are the only birds that can fly backwards.
The longest recorded beard was 17 feet 6 inches long.
A group of rhinos is called a "crash".
The human brain has no pain receptors.
Kangaroos can't walk backwards.
The longest recorded mustache was 14 feet long.
A group of peacocks is called a "muster".
The human body has about 5 liters of blood.
Goldfish have a memory span of at least 3 months, not 3 seconds.
The longest recorded eyebrow hair was 7.8 inches long.
A group of turkeys is called a "rafter".
The human stomach produces about 2 liters of acid per day.
Lobsters were once considered poor people's food.
The longest recorded leg hair was 6.5 inches long.
A group of geese is called a "gaggle" on land and a "skein" in flight.
The human body has about 650 muscles.
Cockroaches can live for weeks without their heads.
The longest recorded arm hair was 5.75 inches long.
A group of bats is called a "colony".
The human body replaces itself every 7-10 years at the cellular level.
Snails can sleep for up to 3 years.
The longest recorded eyelash was 2.75 inches long.
A group of ants is called a "colony".
The human body has about 5 million hair follicles.
Frogs don't drink water; they absorb it through their skin.
The longest recorded nose hair was 0.7 inches long.
A group of bees is called a "swarm".
The human body has about 100,000 miles of blood vessels.
Turtles can breathe through their butts.
The longest recorded ear hair was 7.12 inches long.
A group of fish is called a "school".
The human body has about 2 million sweat glands.
Camels have three eyelids to protect against sandstorms.
The longest recorded chest hair was 9 inches long.
A group of wolves is called a "pack".
The human body has about 10,000 taste buds.
Rabbits can see behind them without turning their heads.
The longest recorded back hair was 5 inches long.
A group of lions is called a "pride".
The human body has about 20,000 genes.
Pigs are more intelligent than dogs and some primates.
The longest recorded pubic hair was 28 inches long.
A group of elephants is called a "herd".
The human body has about 37 degrees Celsius normal temperature.
Chickens can remember over 100 different faces.
The longest recorded armpit hair was 12.4 inches long.
A group of whales is called a "pod".
The human body has about 206 bones at birth, which fuse to 206 in adults.
Cows have best friends and get stressed when separated.
The longest recorded toe hair was 5.1 inches long.
A group of dolphins is called a "pod".
The human body has about 12 pairs of ribs.
Horses can sleep both lying down and standing up.
The longest recorded knuckle hair was 4.5 inches long.
A single raindrop can contain up to 1 million bacteria.
The human brain generates about 12-25 watts of electricity.
A group of unicorns is called a "blessing".
The average person walks past 36 murderers in their lifetime.
Bananas are radioactive due to their potassium content.
The human body glows in the dark, but it's too dim to see.
A group of ravens is called an "unkindness".
Your stomach gets an entirely new lining every 3-5 days.
The longest recorded hiccup attack lasted 68 years.
A group of lemurs is called a "conspiracy".
The human eye can detect a single photon of light.
Male seahorses are the only creatures where males get pregnant.
A group of baboons is called a "congress".
The human brain has the same consistency as tofu.
Octopuses have rectangular pupils.
A group of cockroaches is called an "intrusion".
The human body contains enough iron to make a 3-inch nail.
A shrimp's heart is located in its head.
A group of vultures is called a "wake".
The human nose can remember 50,000 different scents.
Butterflies smell with their antennae and taste with their feet.
A group of cobras is called a "quiver".
The human brain is 60% fat.
A bolt of lightning contains enough energy to toast 100,000 slices of bread.
A group of locusts is called a "plague".
The human body produces 25 million new cells every second.
A group of starfish is called a "galaxy".
The human heart creates enough pressure to squirt blood 30 feet.
A group of moles is called a "labour".
The human body has enough carbon to make 900 pencils.
A group of otters is called a "romp".
The human brain uses 20% of the body's calories.
A group of porcupines is called a "prickle".
The human body has enough phosphorus to make 2,200 match heads.
A group of skunks is called a "surfeit".
The human eye blinks about 17,000 times per day.
A group of raccoons is called a "gaze".
The human body has enough sulfur to kill all fleas on an average dog.
A group of squirrels is called a "dray".
The human brain has 100 billion neurons.
A group of weasels is called a "pack".
The human body has enough lime to whitewash a chicken coop.
A group of woodpeckers is called a "descent".
The human stomach acid is strong enough to dissolve metal.
A group of armadillos is called a "roll".
The human body replaces its entire skeleton every 10 years.